Update Exchange-Teams-interact.md (#5237)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/Exchange-Teams-interact.md

> - To let Microsoft Teams work with Exchange on-premises, you must configure the new Exchange OAuth authentication protocol, preferably by running the Exchange Hybrid Wizard, as described in [Configure OAuth authentication between Exchange and Exchange Online organizations](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/configure-oauth-authentication-between-exchange-and-exchange-online-organizations-exchange-2013-help). To enable users with Exchange on-premises mailbox to schedule Teams meetings on behalf of another user, you must must also complete steps 2-3 as described in [Configure Integration and OAuth between Skype for Business Online and Exchange Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/deploy/integrate-with-exchange-server/oauth-with-online-and-on-premises).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To let Microsoft Teams work with Exchange on-premises, you must configure the new Exchange OAuth authentication protocol, preferably by running the Exchange Hybrid Wizard, as described in [Configure OAuth authentication between Exchange and Exchange Online organizations](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/configure-oauth-authentication-between-exchange-and-exchange-online-organizations-exchange-2013-help). To enable users with Exchange on-premises mailbox to schedule Teams meetings on behalf of another user, you must also complete steps 2-3 as described in [Configure Integration and OAuth between Skype for Business Online and Exchange Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/deploy/integrate-with-exchange-server/oauth-with-online-and-on-premises).
```

Reviewer: Please also delete the double word "must" in the sixth line.

> [!NOTE]

> > The Outlook Teams add-in can be used to schedule a Teams meeting for mailboxes hosted in Exchange on-premises. However, scheduling a Teams meeting on behalf of another user with Exchange on-premises requires Exchange 2016 CU 3 and above and the new Exchange OAuth authentication protocol. Both delegate and delegator must have a mailbox on Exchange on-premises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Outlook Teams add-in can be used to schedule a Teams meeting for mailboxes hosted in Exchange on-premises. However, scheduling a Teams meeting on behalf of another user with Exchange on-premises requires Exchange 2016 CU3 and above and the new Exchange OAuth authentication protocol. Both delegate and delegator must have a mailbox on Exchange on-premises.
```
